The author would like to thank the following people for their help,
support, comments, suggestions, patches etc.

If you discover yourself in the following list and would like to
remain nameless instead, please write to the author.

In no particular order:


Anand Kumria <akumria@debian.org> constantly maintains a Debian
package of this software.

As the author of the lrdf library, Steve Harris <steve@plugin.org.uk>
was kind enough to take a look at the RDF file describing these
plugins.

Alexander Koenig <alex@lisas.de> discovered that the AutoPanner (and
Tremolo) didn't work at very small frequency values, and sent a patch
that became the base of the solution.

Forrest Cook <cook@lwn.net> suggested implementing an AutoPanner as a
new TAP-plugin.

Nick Lamb <njl98r@ecs.soton.ac.uk> suggested using his Demolition
[http://www.ecs.soton.ac.uk/~njl98r/code/ladspa/] program to
sanity-check the TAP-plugins. Demolition proved essential, a must for
any LADSPA plugin developer. It revealed bugs and LADSPA
non-conformancies too many to mention in the TAP-plugins code, which
could be fixed easily this way.

Linium <intent@netpratique.fr> discovered a bug in EQ and EQ-BW:
the plugins reinitialized themselves on each transport stop, which
resulted in the effect disappearing after every STOP->PLAY.

As a main Ardour developer, Taybin Rutkin <taybin@earthlink.net>
implemented using RDF metadata to generate drop-down lists in LADSPA
plugin GUIs in Ardour. This made it much easier to create good-looking
and easy to use plugins; in particular TAP Reverberator and TAP
Dynamics are among the "big winners".

Luke Yelavich <luke@audioslack.com> sent a patch that cleaned up the
Makefile a bit by introducing the variables CFLAGS and LDFLAGS.

Jan Depner <eviltwin69@cableone.net> suggested implementing some kind
of doubler plugin, and he gave me useful pointers about the Midpoint
Displacement Algorithm with which a semi-random series of numbers
following a fractal pattern can be generated. Without him, the TAP
Fractal Doubler would have never been written. He also helped a lot
with the CPU runaway problems in TAP Reverberator, by reporting the
problem and trying out my solutions.

Maarten Maathuis <madman2003@gmail.com> contributed the Bauer
stereophonic-to-binaural DSP plugin. NOTE: this plugin only existed in
CVS between releases 0.7.0 and 0.7.1; it has been agreed to be removed
from TAP-plugins and released separately.

Damon Chaplin <damon@karuna.eclipse.co.uk> tracked down issues that
caused problems on 64-bit machines, found uninitialised variables via
Valgrind, and also pinned down long lurking denormal issues. Thanks!


And, of course, special thanks to the Ardour [http://ardour.org] and
JACK [http://jackit.sf.net] development teams for their tireless
efforts in creating one of the best Linux audio engineering platforms
(and besides that, the recommended host for these plugins).
TAP-plugins aims to be a very small contribution to this effort.
